hello I'm timona belly with the top
stories on al Jazeera the Philippines
government says 240 people are now known
to have died in the severe flooding
caused by tropical storm ketsana the
country has now appealed for foreign aid
to fight would have been the worst
floods in 40 years Wayne hey reports
from Manila well the residents of Molino
are certainly coping as best they can
but attention here has very much turned
to the government and their slow
response to the situation and indeed
there are still people in this area here
that are waiting to be reached by the
rescue officials some locals here also
saying the reason this water is still
here and not receiving as quickly as it
should be is because of a flood control
system just a short distance away in
that direction which they say is not
being open the reason the locals here
say it is not being opened is for fear
that it may cause flooding to the
residence of the president indeed today
the president has opened up the
presidential compound as a makeshift
rescue center where two or three hundred
people can go in and seek shelter but
this is of little comfort to the people
here in mulino who simply want their
homes to dry out Wayne hey al Jazeera
Manila dozens of protesters are reported
to have been killed by security forces
in Guinea as they rallied against the
country's military leader the Reuters
news agency quotes a rights group saying
58 people were killed a local journalist
has told al-jazeera 87 people died the
violence happened after thousands of
protesters broke into a stadium in the
capital conakry to protest against the
rule of captain Musa Dantas Kamara the
interim president of Honduras says he
will restore civil liberties and
reopened dissident television and radio
stations by the end of the week Roberta
micheletti had earlier sent troops to
shut down media organizations that have
supported the ousted president manuel
zelaya who's currently holed up inside
the Brazilian Embassy in the capital
Tegucigalpa NATO's Secretary General has
said that things are going to have to
change in Afghanistan if the United
States and its allies are to win the war
there speaking in the u.s. ahead of
talks with President Obama and
fo Rasmussen stopped short of calling
for more combat troops an issue that's
under debate in the White House you'll
find much more detail on all those
stories at our website al Jazeera dot
net /a mesh